# Meeting Minutes
Date: 2020-09-14

## Members Present
* George Burkhardt
* Joe Casper
* Stuart Enters
* Joe Casper
* Andy Wojciechowski

## Zero Day Todos
* [ ] Configure code to run in Linux distro. (or container)
    * [ ] Update README
* [ ] Document overall architecture
* [ ] Agree on git flow & documentation standards
    * [ ] Pull "fork" of Sisbot from Github to Gitlab
* [ ] Investigate and pick Testing Framework
* [ ] Investigate how to test lights without access to table?

## Sprint Work & Spikes
* [ ] @burkhardtr
* [ ] @casperjm21
* [ ] @Stenters
* [ ] @flemingg
* [ ] @wojciechowskia


## Action Items
* [ ] Port Proposal to Wiki @flemingg
* [ ] Get in touch with Sisyphus Industries developer Matt @flemingg
