# Meeting Minutes

Date: 2020-09-21

## Members Present

* [x] George Burkhardt
* [x] Joe Casper
* [x] Stuart Enters
* [x] Grace Fleming
* [x] Andy Wojciechowski

## Agenda

* Decide on when the team will submit a technical report
* Draft PBIs for sprint 1

## Notes

* Technical Report will be submitted Friday Week 7 (2020-10-23)
    * Functional & Non-Functional Requirements (might hold drafting session)
    * Analysis of Technology 
        * Might split out by hardware, testing, python, js, etc.
        * Might split out by architectural components (client, server, pi, etc.)
    * Google Docs 
    * First Draft to Taylor/Fake Auditor Friday


## Action Items

> Use @mentions for specific call outs: @burkhardtr @casperjm21 @Stenters @flemingg @wojciechowskia
